How to generate CSR certificate:

Firstly we must understand why it is important to learn how to generate a CSR certificate. Whenever a carrier or any user logs into our portal, they get to choose a certain number of entitlements based on what their needs are or what they wish to subscribe for. For each type of selection , a different certificate is generated that needs to be signed.
So for testing purposes, you need to test the permutation and combination of API’s, hence the need to generate different certificates.
Now that we have established the purpose, let’s get to the steps to generate a certificate and sign it.


Pre-requisite: In the shared drive, there is a zip file called cert-utils-master.zip. Download the zip file and extract the folder. This folder has the necessary code/files needed for our next actions.
First task is: Open your command line/terminal
Second: check the current directory you are in, set the directory to cert-utils-master workspace/ Folder.
Third: Now we are going to download the CSR certificate from our CI portal(es-testing.csr) and copy it to cert-utils-master folder (The folder is important because that needs to be our working directory for the next steps.)
Fourth: Select all entitlements( Because that would mean we are checking all API’s)
Fifth:Go to implementation and download the CSR certificate and check if it is in cert-utils-master directory or not.
Sixth: Now go to your terminal and change your working directory to cert-utils-master in which we downloaded the CSR (In my case it is cert-utils-master on desktop)
Seventh:  Now type     ./ca.sh      this command will generate the key(RSA token) for you to sign the CSR certificate and generate a singable doc ()
Eighth: Next in the terminal, the next command is      ./sign.sh es-testing.csr         this command will sign the doc and generate another doc of the name    es-testing.cert
Nine: Now the cat command to display the contents of the cert files, I.e.,     cat es-testing.cert  
Ten:Copy the contents right from beginning to end and paste in the certificate box and click on save.

Note: Before generating a new csr file always check that you have deleted all the previous csr files.
